{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
{\f213\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f214\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f216\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f217\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f218\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f219\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f220\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f221\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f573\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Tahoma CE;}{\f574\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Tahoma Cyr;}{\f576\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Tahoma Greek;}{\f577\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Tahoma Tur;}{\f578\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Tahoma (Hebrew);}
{\f579\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Tahoma (Arabic);}{\f580\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Tahoma Baltic;}{\f581\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Tahoma (Vietnamese);}{\f582\fswiss\fcharset222\fprq2 Tahoma (Thai);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive 
\ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}{\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\f36\fs16\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 \ssemihidden \styrsid6948507 Balloon Text;}{\s16\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext16 \styrsid933557 header;}{\s17\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext17 \styrsid933557 footer;}{\*\cs18 \additive \ul\cf2 \sbasedon10 \styrsid7342582 Hyperlink;}{\*\cs19 \additive \sbasedon10 \styrsid1523939 page number;}}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid393236\rsid933557\rsid997368\rsid1197982\rsid1508588\rsid1523939\rsid1924424\rsid1976916\rsid2493070\rsid2507877\rsid2640517\rsid2647363\rsid3962793\rsid3998593\rsid4201760\rsid4603422
\rsid4685587\rsid4916510\rsid4925722\rsid5072721\rsid5589060\rsid5666370\rsid5719489\rsid5901796\rsid6247891\rsid6573561\rsid6574612\rsid6948507\rsid6953147\rsid7036077\rsid7081993\rsid7210876\rsid7293290\rsid7342582\rsid7931260\rsid7936895\rsid7937047
\rsid7937932\rsid8010152\rsid8861147\rsid9438938\rsid9527527\rsid9531533\rsid9571356\rsid10173632\rsid10320263\rsid10366771\rsid10443508\rsid10444448\rsid10963190\rsid11030088\rsid11161072\rsid11288770\rsid11289738\rsid11348824\rsid11351421\rsid11358371
\rsid11470962\rsid11615353\rsid12078765\rsid12151100\rsid12328295\rsid12535007\rsid12680430\rsid12735270\rsid12743406\rsid12911947\rsid13002817\rsid13264909\rsid13525438\rsid13577900\rsid13763385\rsid14027501\rsid14506894\rsid14689195\rsid14700433
\rsid14883346\rsid14892287\rsid14901480\rsid14905318\rsid15015864\rsid15082918\rsid16126533\rsid16350491\rsid16408335\rsid16530054}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.6359;}{\info{\title Outline:}{\author Brian Cullinan}{\operator Brian Cullinan}
{\creatim\yr2005\mo3\dy28\hr22\min35}{\revtim\yr2005\mo3\dy28\hr22\min35}{\printim\yr2005\mo3\dy28\hr22\min31}{\version2}{\edmins2}{\nofpages6}{\nofwords1058}{\nofchars5613}{\*\company Cullinan Enterprise}{\nofcharsws6630}{\vern24703}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1800\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct\asianbrkrule\nojkernpunct\rsidroot9438938 \fet0
{\*\ftnsep \pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid16126533 \chftnsep 
\par }}{\*\ftnsepc \pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid16126533 \chftnsepc 
\par }}{\*\aftnsep \pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid16126533 \chftnsep 
\par }}{\*\aftnsepc \pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid16126533 \chftnsepc 
\par }}\sectd \pgnrestart\linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sectrsid5589060\sftnbj {\header \pard\plain \s16\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\pvpara\phmrg\posxr\posy0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid16126533 
\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\field{\*\fldinst {\cs19\insrsid13525438 PAGE  }}{\fldrslt {\cs19\lang1024\langfe1024\noproof\insrsid4201760 1}}}{\cs19\insrsid13525438 
\par }\pard \s16\qr \li0\ri360\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin360\lin0\itap0\pararsid1523939 {\insrsid13525438 Cullinan 
\par }}{\footer \pard\plain \s17\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid1523939 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid13525438 
\par }}{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid15015864 
\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid14901480 Brian Cullinan
\par Ms. Smith
\par English 7-8
\par 29 March 2005
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \fi720\li0\ri0\sl480\slmult1\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid13577900 {\insrsid15015864 Sergey Brin and Larry Page have influenced the way search is performed and maintained in a revolutionary way}{
\insrsid12735270 , now Search Engines that are modeled after Google\rquote s technology can be easily maintained and managed}{\insrsid15015864 
.  The creators of Google developed new algorithms that changed the way search engines function.  Their innovative new methods allow the users and other businesses to manage }{\insrsid14689195 the Google }{\insrsid15015864 search engines for them}{
\insrsid12735270 , and other companies are adopting these methods as their own}{\insrsid15015864 .  The ever expanding internet would usually be incredibly difficult to keep track of, however with Google\rquote 
s method of dynamic data mining it does just that.  Now small businesses everywhere are taking advantage of Google\rquote s innovative technology.  The search for answers continues to improve.
\par }{\insrsid15082918 Larry Page was definitely a genius from the start of his schooling career.  }{\insrsid7342582 \'93His love of computers began at the age of six\'94 (Google Management).  }{\insrsid15082918 
In college however, is when he started what would become the biggest impact in the search and information technology industry}{\insrsid933557 .  I}{\insrsid15082918 
n 1996 during a college engineering course at University of Michigan Larry Page constructed a programmable ink-jet printer out of Lego}{\super\insrsid15082918\charrsid15082918  tm}{\insrsid15082918 .  It was also }{\insrsid7081993 in college where}{
\insrsid15082918  he met Sergey Brin, and together they began project BackRub which would later be renamed to Google}{\insrsid11470962  (}{\insrsid933557 Google History}{\insrsid11470962 )}{\insrsid15082918 .}{\insrsid933557   }{\insrsid7342582 \'93
It was Larry who grew the company to more than 200 employees and profitability before moving into his role as president\'94 (Google Management).  Now other companies can model their employee structure off of his innovative ideas.}{\insrsid11289738 
  Larry Page was only half responsible for the creation of Google.  He and his partner Sergey Brin did not always get along, but neither one of them could have done it alone.}{\insrsid15082918 
\par }{\insrsid14892287 Sergey Brin}{\insrsid6573561 , native to Moscow,}{\insrsid14892287  is one of the most influential people in t}{\insrsid10963190 
he field of Dynamic Data Mining.  This field of study is used most commonly in the search industry.  Sergey Brin has revealed an entire new spectrum of innovation and complexity in this field.  Now Sergey\rquote 
s inventions are available to any company that wants to take advantage the complex algorithms used in Google\rquote s search engine.  He has influenced every aspect of the way search engine companies function.  \'93A few of his published academic pap
ers include, }{\i\insrsid10963190\charrsid10963190 Extracting Patterns and Relations from the World Wide Web; Dynamic Data Mining: a New Architecture for Data with High Dimensionality}{\insrsid10963190 \'94 (Google Management).  \'93
He has been featured at several international forums and technology conferences\'94 (Google Management).}{\insrsid11030088 
  Sergey Brin and Larry Page worked together to develop what would become the greatest computer science technology invention in history.  Now with 34 million members, over 3 billion searchable web documents, and over 100 million search queri
es per day Google, the invention of Sergey Brin and Larry Page, has become one of the most popular search engines in the world}{\insrsid16350491  (Google History)}{\insrsid11030088 .}{\insrsid11289738 
\par }{\insrsid7936895 Google }{\insrsid14506894 \'93}{\insrsid7936895 is a pun off of the word googol}{\insrsid14700433 ,}{\insrsid7936895  which was coined in 1938 by Milton Sirotta, and its definition is a 10}{\super\insrsid7936895\charrsid7936895 100}{
\insrsid7936895  or a 1 followed by 100 zeros}{\insrsid14506894 \'94 (Wikipedia)}{\insrsid7936895 .  Google\rquote s name is used to describe the company\rquote s goal \'93}{\insrsid7936895\charrsid7936895 
to organize the world's information and make it uni}{\insrsid7936895 versally accessible and useful\'94 (Wikipedia).  }{\insrsid6573561 Google\rquote s revolutionary system revolves around the algorit
hms and business tactics that Larry Page and Sergey Brin invented.  The most important part of the system is the algorithms that control the results displayed when the user queries a search.  When a user types in a key wor}{\insrsid5666370 d}{
\insrsid6573561 , over }{\insrsid11030088 3 billion web documents }{\insrsid6573561 ar}{\insrsid11161072 e searched.  The results are the}{\insrsid6573561 
n ranked by most relevant to the words contained in the search query, and then they are ranked by popularity.  The advertisements displayed on the results page are also relevant to the search query.  This type of innovation 
gives both the users and the webmasters an advantage over any other search engine.  }{\insrsid7937932 
There are many more inventions and innovations created by the Google team, for example a Local Directory hosted by Google.  Other assets such as Google Maps, Google Sets, and Froogle are all apart of the Google Labs.  }{\insrsid6573561 
Another very important part to Google\rquote s search is its ability to expand its knowledge.  \'93It was first c}{\insrsid6573561\charrsid6573561 alled BackRub, named for its unique ability to analyze the "back links" pointing to a given website}{
\insrsid6573561 \'94 (Google History).  This means that it would scan a page in the search and find all of the hyperlinks in that page, and then scan the pages }{\insrsid9531533 
they linked to.  This continuous process allows Google to expand almost as quickly as the internet itself.  Although Google
 is revolutionary in every aspect, there are some disadvantages it has.  For example, Google creates a cache of every page it scans.  By doing this Google can keep track of what the user will find when a search is queried.  The disadvantage to this is, be
cause Google cannot update }{\insrsid11030088 3 billion web documents}{\insrsid9531533 
 every second, sometimes a page that is cached is not available on the website anymore, therefore Google delivers out of date content.  This can sometimes be very frustrating if the user is looking for something very specific.}{
\insrsid9531533\charrsid9531533  }{\insrsid9531533 All of these things add to giving the user the most relevant results, and therefore making Google the most popular search engine available today.
\par Google and its creators have influenced the search industry in a way that no company has before.  The revolutionary technologies encourage }{\insrsid16408335 search }{\insrsid9531533 companies to innovate their systems }{\insrsid16408335 
to make them easier to use and more relevant.  }{\insrsid5901796 Larry Page \'93Young Innovator\'94 (Google Managements) and Sergey Brin are truly the lords of search.  }{\insrsid16408335 With Google\rquote s technology}{\insrsid5072721  and popularity, 
\'93receiving over 200 million queries a day\'94 (Wikipedia),}{\insrsid16408335  there is no question that}{\insrsid10444448  is}{\insrsid16408335  left un-answered.}{\insrsid13577900 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid13577900 {\insrsid15082918 \page }{\insrsid7081993 Works cited:}{\insrsid15082918 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid10366771 {\insrsid11470962 
\par }\pard \ql \fi-720\li720\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0\pararsid11470962 {\insrsid11470962 Google. }{\ul\insrsid933557\charrsid933557 Google History}{\insrsid11470962 . }{\insrsid14883346 3 Feb. 2005}{\insrsid11470962 
. <}{\insrsid11470962\charrsid11470962 http://www.google.com/corporate/history.html}{\insrsid11470962 >}{\insrsid15082918 
\par }\pard \ql \fi-720\li720\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0\pararsid7342582 {\insrsid7342582 Google. }{\ul\insrsid7342582\charrsid933557 Google }{\ul\insrsid7342582 Management}{\insrsid7342582 . }{\insrsid14883346 3 Feb
. 2005}{\insrsid7342582 . <}{\insrsid7342582\charrsid7342582 http://www.google.com/corporate/}{\insrsid14883346  }{\insrsid7342582\charrsid7342582 execs.html}{\insrsid7342582 >
\par }\pard \ql \fi-720\li720\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0\pararsid12680430 {\insrsid13002817 MLA. }{\ul\insrsid12680430\charrsid12680430 A Guide for Writing Research Papers Based on MLA Documentation}{\insrsid12680430 . }
{\insrsid14883346 3 Feb. 2005}{\insrsid12680430 . <}{\insrsid12680430\charrsid12680430 http://www.ccc.commnet.edu/mla/index.shtml}{\insrsid12680430 >}{\insrsid13002817\charrsid12680430 
\par }\pard \ql \fi-720\li720\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0\pararsid7081993 {\insrsid7081993 Wikipedia. }{\ul\insrsid7081993\charrsid8010152 Wikipedia}{\insrsid7081993 . }{\insrsid14883346 3 Feb. 2005}{\insrsid7081993 . <}{
\insrsid7081993\charrsid1924424 http://en.wikipedia.org/}{\insrsid7081993  }{\insrsid7081993\charrsid1924424 wiki/Google_%28search_engine%29}{\insrsid7081993 >}{\insrsid1924424 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid5589060 {\insrsid5589060 \page Outline:
\par }\pard \ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid5589060 {\insrsid5589060 Larry Page
\par \tab A Genius from the beginning
\par \tab \tab Built printer out of Lego
\par \tab \tab Getting a Ph.D.
\par \tab A Great Innovator
\par \tab \tab Recognized by MIT
\par \tab \tab Wall Street Journal
\par \tab \tab UoM Engineering
\par Sergey Brin
\par \tab Specialized in Data Mining
\par }\pard \ql \fi720\li1440\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin1440\itap0\pararsid5589060 {\insrsid5589060 Published with Larry
\par }\pard \ql \fi720\li720\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0\pararsid5589060 {\insrsid5589060 Featured Speaker
\par \tab At several international academic,
\par }\pard \ql \fi720\li1440\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin1440\itap0\pararsid5589060 {\insrsid5589060\charrsid11348824 business and technology forums
\par }\pard \ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid5589060 {\insrsid5589060 Google\rquote s Revolutionary System
\par \tab Complex Algorithms
\par \tab \tab Explanation in simple terms
\par \tab Others use this innovative method
\par \tab \tab How it can affect our lives
\par \tab \tab How it can negatively affect our search
\par }\pard \ql \fi-720\li720\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0\pararsid7081993 {\insrsid7081993 
\par }}